good evening and an assalamualaikum it's
really been you've given me so much
honor and so much appreciation I'm
really touched and you've been a
wonderful audience
and I am sure you understood the whole
concept it was a tribute to the two
great Empress Josephine and Empress nur
jahan and that has been my passion
it is very symbolic as to bringing the
east and the west together and new Jahan
her achievements were unparalleled in
the history of the subcontinent as
according to the British historians and
she was a great state's woman she ran
the whole Hindustan when she was
actually ruling and she was a military
strategist
she was the state's woman she was a
poetess she was an architect a builder
she promoted Kashmiri art built
beautiful gardens and buildings she was
a marked hands woman and so many
attributes and Empress Josephine most a
very beautiful strong woman and her love
for white and fashion and roses is
famous so this is of course a tribute to
both the cultures I would say the west
and the east and I want to thank mr.
Vidal Hawk for making this happen
tonight
and thank you so much and I want to
thank everybody I want to thank horn and
jazz and Freya and Melanie and all my
team and thank you so much for being
here tonight it's really been a pleasure
thank you I told you she was as
beautiful as her designs day art she is
well that brings us to the end of our
Fashion Show I can't thank the ladies on
stage and thank each and every one of
you for coming out this evening and
tonight we celebrate Pakistan good night
everybody thank you